Budget reform, was just part of an extensive agenda. The Likud government has even stepped up to do so
And saved the pension allowances of many citizens by providing support to the system they were facing
Bankruptcy. Massive investment has been made in many infrastructures and government companies that have been proven to be non-existent
Efficiency, privatized. At the end of the process, the Likud government also addressed the capital market, while it did
Dismantles the banking duopoly that held as prisoners nearly two-thirds of the public's savings
The Israeli.
As a result of the reform, Israel has enjoyed a stable and robust economic system whose growth rates have increased
Beyond 5% in the last five years. The number of unemployed was reduced by half, national debt was reduced
Sharply and the budget almost balanced. Inflation and interest rates are low, and the financial system
Rests on a more solid foundation.
These reforms also corrected the welfare system deficiencies and changed the situation in which people preferred
Eligible for work to receive high unemployment benefits and income security, over the provision of tax chunks
High out of monthly salary. A situation that was even more burdensome for those who went to work and paid
Taxes legally.
Even worse - a cycle of poverty and dependence was created in places where the value of the work fell and the number increased
And a growing number of people have joined the perpetually unemployed
National Themes.
While others are mostly talking, the Likud-led Likud party has reformed
Successfully financially resumed. Equally important, at a time of uncertainty, is the economy
Globally, the Likud Party has proven that it can, and with great success, steer the economy
The Israeli among the crises, to the beach. Better yet, the courageous steps taken
The Likud in dealing with the recent crisis during its reign has made the Israeli economy stronger
And more resilient to the crises currently affecting it.
In 2003, after the elections that doubled the Likud's power in the Knesset, the government found itself
In the midst of a crisis. Two years of recession have passed the State of Israel and unemployment has reached
11%. National debt swelled and doubled to more than 100% of GDP, the budget deficit was 6%.
GDP and interest rates have soared. Foreign investment in Israel and the Bank of Israel have stopped warning
The joint list aims to end the occupation of all Palestinian, Syrian and Lebanese territories occupied in 1967,
Dismantle all the settlements and the racial segregation fence, free all political prisoners, establish a state
An independent Palestinian, whose capital is East Jerusalem, to obtain a just solution to the refugee problem that will guarantee the right of return in accordance with resolution 194,
And to a just peace that relies on international agreement.
The list highlights its opposition to foreign and colonial intervention in regional and world affairs, its opposition to policy
Separate and govern, to sow ethnic, sectarian and sectarian divisions, to split and divide the homeland and peoples. She
Expresses support for the peoples' right to independence, freedom, justice and democracy.
The list calls for the Middle East to be disarmed with nuclear weapons and all weapons of mass destruction,
And foremost calls for demilitarization of Israel, which has the largest and most dangerous nuclear arsenal in the region,
And this is part of the struggle for a world free of weapons of mass destruction.